# Cloud4Things Tests

To test Cloud4Things we will realize a set of experiences in order to assure the feasibility
of our solution. We will measure the amount of the resources consumed by our solution, and also
verify if our solution accomplish the requirements demanded by some types of IoT applications.

## Capture Application Load test
We will test the EPCIS Repository load capacity with Jmeter. Using Jmeter we will stream a session of requests based on the data acquired of the Rec&Play session analysis.


## Fosstrak Latency Test
Our initial hypothesis for this work is to prove if the cloud computing is an approach that accomplishes
the requirements of IoT applications. With this work we want to assure that a cloud based solution is
able to handle with the amount of data generated by an IoT application and also that some fundamental
requirements such as Network Latency are suitable to guarantee the correctness of the business logic
of an IoT application.

In order to assure if those requirements are met by a cloud based solution we implement Cloud4Things,
a solution for automatic provisioning of IoT applications in the cloud. To provisioning the software
stack of the IoT application we use Docker containers - by using containers we want to reduce the amount
of provisioned resources in the cloud.

However, we need to evaluate if this approach is suitable to host an IoT application. To evaluate if
our approach met the requirements of these applications we will use two deployment configurations:

- Hybrid Deployment: In a hybrid deployment the application stack is distributed between the cloud
and a local machine (edge-server). The edge-server is responsible to collect the data that generated
by the readers and sensors, and then upload that data to the event processing application that is running
in the cloud.

- Cloud-based Deployment: In a cloud-based deployment, the application stack is hosted in the cloud.
The data collection server connects remotely to the readers and sensors in the physical space and
collect the data that later is delivered to the event processing application
